We already get a nice application to CD I on a two basic functionality and I recognize that we have
basis year as a tile and not basics but I guess it's also the basis of any aler to app of any ironic
to app.
We can go to our users and pass different data and we can always go back with the back button.
Now what does if you want to go back with some other button let's say or you want to trigger the popping
process of the current page programmatically.
So for example here on the individual user page you could have a confirmed button to confirm some changes
and of course you will have apps actually doing that later.
And when you click on confirm you want to go back without having to click the back button.
So let's implement this in the application.
I will go to my user page and here below.
Hi I'm my name I will add a new button at the end button directive to make it look nice and simply say
confirm.
Now upon clicking on this.
I want to go back so I will execute on go back.
Now here in my body in the typescript code I therefore need to implement DE on go back method in order
to go back.
I again need the nav controller because always keep in mind DNF control is declasse responsible for
everything which has to do with pushing or popping or changing any pages on this navigations stack.
So let's check the nav controller type nav controller and make sure to add the import from ionic angular.
And with this inject into your in on go back I can access my nav controller and instead of pushing I
now call pop and this will simply pop off the top most page.
It always pops off the top most page which of course results in me going back one page because all these
Keep in mind what you're seeing on the screen is the top most page.
So if you remove this page while you go back to the last page on the stack we can see this in action
when saving this.
Let's go to the app then users click on a user and click on confirm you see you get the same effect
as when you click the back button.
So in the background the back button does exactly the same thing.
It simply pops off the top page.
And we're doing the same with the confirm button no.
So this is now working and it's always playing this nice animation by default which is cool.
So with this we're popping this page.
But what if we actually want to go back to the root page.
So to this page here and not just to the users page or we can also do this we can instead of using this
snap control or pop Eckstine AF controller and there's a number Mefford we can access on this controller.
It's called PAUP to root.
Now as the name applies this will pop off.
Remove all pages on the stack except for the root page.
So it will always take us back to the bottom most page on the stack which of course is the root page.
And as a side note you can pop off the root page so you can't empty your stack because that would basically
crash your application.
So if this change in place after saving it it will recompile and reload the app and once did reload.
If you click on users and then confirm you'll see you're taken back to your root page and not just to
the in-between users page.
So this is a novel way of navigating around and how to get back to previous pages